https://helpx.adobe.com/creative-cloud/faq/mixamo-faq.html?utm_source=chatgpt.com


Last updated on Sep 14, 2021
Find answers to common questions about Mixamo features and services.
How do I get access to Mixamo?
Mixamo is available free for anyone with an Adobe ID and does not require a subscription to Creative Cloud.
The following restrictions apply:
Mixamo is not available for Enterprise and Federated IDs.
Mixamo is not available for users who have a country code from China. The current release of Creative Cloud in China does not include web services.
How much does Mixamo cost?
Mixamo is available free and does not require any additional purchases or subscriptions.
What type of projects can I create with Mixamo?
You can use both characters and animations royalty free for personal, commercial, and non-profit projects including:
Incorporate characters into illustrations and graphic art.
3D print characters.
Create films.
Create video games.
 
Can I auto-rig and animate animals, vehicles, or other objects?
No. Currently, the auto-rigger and animation libraries are for bipedal humanoids only.
Are my characters and animations stored on Mixamo.com?
Only the last used character is stored. Once you replace the character, no history of the previous characters or animations is stored. It is recommended that you save your rigged characters locally. To change their animations, upload the rigged character to Mixamo.
My custom character won’t upload/rig/animate. What should I do?
The Mixamo automatic rigging system only works for humanoid characters and has a few other specific requirements.
Ensure that the following is true for your project:
The character is humanoid with distinguishable head, body, arm, and leg areas. If the character proportions are too deformed, the auto-rigger may not work.
The character does not have large extra appendages or props. For example, extra limbs, wings, and tails or large hair and clothing items may not work.
The character is in a default or neutral pose. Auto-rigging may not work if the character is largely asymmetric or posed prior to rigging.
There is no other content in the file. Extra helper objects, cameras, or scene objects cause the auto-rigger to not work.
There are no spaces between any of the parts. For example, the auto-rigger does not work on floating heads that are disjoined from the body.
The character is centered in the scene. The auto-rigger works best when characters are set to the (0,0,0) origin of the world. This prevents animation offsets happening from unit differences.
The character mesh is clean and error free. The auto-rigger performs more reliably on characters with clean meshes as well as provides higher-quality animations.
My character or animation isn’t working in my project. What should I do?
Learn how to use Mixamo animations to animate 3D characters in Photoshop here. 
Adobe does not support troubleshooting for third-party programs. 


